It has been very stormy
weather and the school roof is leaking.
How can we raise the
money to fix the school roof?
We could have a fun run.
What’s a funny run?
It’s a day for picnics and
giving money to see people run.
The more money you
give, the further they run.
Good idea, daddy pig!
How far can you run?
What? Eh…well,
I can run as far as you like.
But daddy, you can hardly run at all!
Nonsense! I am an expert at running!
Good. Does anyone else want to run?
No, thank you!
But I will give money
to see daddy pig run!
I do!
And me!
Excellent! Thank you, daddy pig!
Peppa and her family are eating spaghetti.
Delicious! Is there any more spaghetti?
Daddy pig!
You’ve already had three things!
Eating gives me energy
And I need energy for my fun run.
If you also need a practice running.
What if I practice eating today
then practice running tomorrow?
No, daddy.
You need to practice running now.
Oh.
Come on daddy! Race you!
This is easy.
It is easy to run downhill.
It is hard to run uphill.
I don’t think I should’ve
eaten so much spaghetti.
It is the day of the fun run.
Madame Gazelle has a chart to
show how far daddy pig must run.
If daddy pig can run to here.
The supermarket!
Then to here
Granddad dog’s garage.
And all the way to here
Windy castle.
Then we will have enough
money to fix the school roof.
I will do it now. Ready, steady, go! ...
I did it! Now we can have the picnic.
Silly daddy! That is just a drawing.
Yes, now you must
run to the real windy castle.
ow
Ready, steady, go!
hooray!
Come on, daddy pig! You can make it!
Come on, bus! You can make it!
The school bus has
made it to the windy castle.
Now everyone can enjoy the picnic.
Water…water…
What a lovely hot day!
It’s such a relaxing
way to raise money, too!
Water….
Daddy pig has reached the supermarket.
All running makes him very thirsty.
Let’s look through the telescope.
I can see daddy.
The telescope makes everything look closer.
He’s not going very fast.
Daddy pig has arrived
at Grand daddy dog’s garage.
That’s it. I can’t go on!
Daddy has stopped.
Oh.
You look rather hot.
You need something to cool
you down and give you energy.
Have an ice lolly.
Thank you!
Granddad dog.  That’s nice…..
a wasp!
Shoo, shoo, get you away, you little pest.
The wasp wants to
share daddy pig’s ice lolly.
No, this is my lolly.
Daddy starts running again, really fast.
Hooray!
Oh..get off…
You can stop now, daddy pig.
We have enough
money to fix the school roof.
Ah …
Daddy pig has lost the wasp.
Well done. Daddy pig.
All that extra running means we’ve got
enough money for a new school bus tool.
Thank you, daddy pig.
You’re most welcome.